What's up with this project?

Chorenivore is the (working) title of a to-do list application I'm working on. It's based on some older tutorials I found and I'm branching out to add more functionality.

It's also serving as my first ADVENTURE into github.

To do:

Display age of tasks in the view, then allowing users to sort by age.

---

Second commit

Editing a task now redirects to tasks_path rather than @task
Deleting a task now notifies the user the task has been deleted

---

Added a date column

I've added a Created column to the task view. Not sure if I want to keep it in this format, or figure out a way to subtract created_at from time.now and just show the age of the task. My thinking is if I had a way to calculate the age of a task, I could set up a way to flag tasks that are a certain age, such as a week or a month, and automatically mark them as higher priority. This is all blue-sky solutioneering at this point, however!

---

Added button technology

Pretty big update. jar helped me out and showed me a way to update a task's done status in the view using a hidden field and some buttons. So I fired up Illustrator and Photoshop and made some custom buttons. I've also formatted the date using an initializer. I've been thinking about adding a multi-step task functionality, that would allow a user to create a task with multiple steps, then display a percentage of the task completed in the view as a user completes steps. 

---

View update

The view no longer shows the headings for tasks unless a task has been created. I woke up this morning with the idea to use a partial to solve this problem and lo and behold it works! Is it elegant? I don't know! Does it work? YES

---

First styling

Added some quick styling, mostly to improve the display of the Tasks table. I may have gotten a little carried away trying to sex this thing up prematurely. I also took the boolean task.finished? field out of the view, since that information is handled by the hidden field and the form_for buttons. Speaking of buttons, I edited them to have a transparent background, as well. I'd forgotten they had a white background until I started messing around with the CSS.

---

Added Jquery functionality

Another big update! I've switched over to Jquery from Prototype, which allows me to control how long flash notices stick around when a chore is updated or destroyed. I've also changed all instances of Task to Chore, to better fit with the name of this application. I've also got custom messages when a Chore is marked as finished or unfinished.

Working on the CSS

Not a huge update this time. I'm working through Agile Web Development with Rails and applying some things I've learned to Chorenivore. This means some (minor) CSS changes. Chores now have an alternating colored background as well as top and bottom borders. I've also updated the form for creating a new Chore, so the description box is only 6 rows tall.